like Saturday's rocket summer skies in
the morning air uh-oh uh-oh like you you
like me there's something wrong with
this picture let's turn it upside down
so we can see the insecurities caused by
the last four years of economic
downsizing in the eastern US alive
febuary long Ottilie and the wall ready
pictures and shirts that are too small
for my childlike figure that you're so
in love
a lie the arm sleeves and bright eyes
eternal sunshine of the spotless mind
stand strong in my favorites of all time
along with you and your Technicolor to
ride you say Johnny Cash is your
favorite singer to never hurt folsom
prison how do you expect me to believe
I was never much on country songs but
someone should will tell you to come
home cuz it's getting late and your
dinners getting cold ally simple song is
pretty words I try to forward you with
it's just no good the pages get lost
beside the much rather sing to you I
love
with you by my side you're a smart kid
with a beautiful smile and oh god those
Technicolor I like Saturday's rocket sun
night skies I like you you like me so
let's lock all the doors outside we need
to see cuz we've got love you we've got
a TV we can watch friends all we want
and we can laugh at how I laugh like
Ross when I get nervous we don't have to
worry about tomorrow because we know
it's gonna come whether we want to or
not
ally simple song pretty words i tried
poetry but it's just no good to me get
lost inside the much rather
to you
I love
smart kid
why
technical